In this video we'll discuss the tools and software you need for a market.
First and foremost you cannot run etiquette apps on simulators since you need your phone's camera therefore
you need a physical device in just a moment.
I'm going to list all of the phones that are configured to work with our kit.
You need to have one of these phones to be able to follow along with the course.
You need an iPhone 6 or 6 plus a Phone 7 or iPhone 7 plus iPhone as the iPad Pro.
Nine point seven.
Ten point five or twelve point nine.
Both first and second generation iPad 2017 iPhone 8 or iPhone 8 plus and the iPhone 6 although some
issues may arise with the iPhone next.
If you don't have any of these devices or you don't plan on getting one then you won't be able to run
any of the apps that we are going to do in this course.
In that case you are always free to request a refund.
You can within 30 days of purchasing this course.
Also you need to use iOS 11 swift for to use iOS 11 you need X code 9 in Google right X code 9 download
click on downloads.
Apple developer.
Once you're here make sure to sign in with your Apple ID and password.
So sign in if you don't have an idea.
Make sure to create one.
And once you sign then make sure you download x code.
Not as I'm recording this video.
Code 9 is bedo whether it's better or not.
Make sure to download x cotinine.
Otherwise you will not be able to import the framework.